["We'll Make It Through"
by Ray LaMontagne playing]
♪ Had our share ♪
♪ Of the pain ♪
♪ Of the clouds and the rain ♪
♪ Lean on me and I'll lean on you ♪
♪ And together, we'll get through ♪
♪ We always do ♪
[phone ringing]
♪ Where do you go ♪
♪ When there's no road to follow ♪
♪ Faces look hollow ♪
♪ Only strangers to you now ♪
♪ Where do you turn when this ♪
♪ Living starts to burn through ♪
♪ Layers that you learned
To wrap around your heart somehow ♪
♪ Lean on me and I'll lean on you ♪
♪ And together, we'll get through ♪
♪ We always do ♪
[knock on door]
♪ I turn to you ♪
♪ I always do ♪
[song fading]
[crowd murmuring]
When's my water
gonna be turned back on, Hope?
We're doing everything we can
to get all essential services
up and running
as soon as possible.
-[Bert] I can get my tow truck.
-[all clamoring]
[Muriel whistling]
Hey, come on, people!
Hope helped to save this town.
So let's cut her some slack, huh?
All your concerns will be addressed,
as well as the concerns
of everyone affected by the fire.
Also, Town Council will be hosting a food
and clothing drive day after tomorrow.
It's gonna be at the park on River Road.
-I'm gonna hand these out.
-Please, that's right.
And I urge all of you
to come and bring whatever you can.
We will get through this difficult time.
[gentle music playing]
The food okay?
Yeah, I'm sorry. I'm just not…
Yeah, me neither.
Sweetheart, you gotta eat.
I know.
-Did you call Dr. Lorton?
-Yeah.
She said you could
come in tomorrow for a D&C.
I would've asked what it was,
but I figured you'd know.
It's a recommended procedure
after a miscarriage.
They, uh, they scrape the…
uterus to prevent infection.
I just…
[Jack] Jesus.
You don't want to do it?
No.
I mean, I should do it. I…
It's just that it's really painful, and…
they have to put you under anesthesia,
and after everything, it's like…
-I'm sorry.
-Oh, no, no. Hey, hey.
Okay. [clears throat] Sorry.
No, come on. What can I do?
I think I just need to get up and get out.
Yeah, it might be good
to see everyone too.
What?
I just--
I don't have it in me
to tell the story a hundred times.
No, no, I just… I meant it'd be…
It would be good to be around people
who care about you.
Joey and Brie are the only ones that know,
and they're gonna be discreet.
It's just, in LA, I got to be
so anonymous, and out here, it's like…
Hey, hey, hey.
You don't need to worry about anyone
but yourself right now.
Okay? And if you don't have it in you
to do that, I'm gonna do that for you.
-Come here. Come here.
-[crying softly]
[Hope] Vernon, you have a visitor.
Why don't you two sit and talk?
And if you need me,
I'll be inside trying to figure out
how to restart a municipal water supply.
[Doc chuckles]
I would have called
instead of just dropping by,
but it felt like
we might have a lot to discuss
before we open the clinic
back up tomorrow.
We sure do.
I came because I wanted to find out
why you didn't just tell me
about your eyesight.
[Doc sighs]
I was doing fine.
And then that was the first time
it ever affected my work.
And as soon as it did,
I took myself out of the equation, and…
Still, I deserved to know.
Yes, you did.
I apologize.
I thought I had more time.
In full disclosure…
this was one of the reasons
that I hired you, for this moment.
Because if my eyesight worsens,
then I'm gonna need someone
to take over this clinic.
And you want me?
Well, that was the plan, yeah.
In all honesty, after what happened
with Mel, I'm having my doubts.
If I could take back
what happened with Mel, I would.
And I would love
to have her back at the clinic
if that's what you both want.
Well, it's good to hear.
But as far as me taking it over…
I think I'm gonna need some time
to think about that.
Think about it? Think about what?
Look, I'm flattered,
and it is a very generous offer,
just one that I wasn't expecting.
And you deserve to have somebody
that is ready to fully commit.
You can't commit, well, hell…
You know what? If you can't commit,
then I have much bigger things
that I need to figure out.
And you do too.
[door opens]
[door closes]
[Brie] Thank you.
Thanks.
Hey.
-Didn't know you were back in town.
-Yeah. Yeah, I, uh, got in yesterday.
I was worried about you.
I was worried about you too.
I'm so sorry about your cabin
and Emerald Lumber.
Yeah, Preacher's letting me
stay above the bar, so--
As he should. Jack filled me in.
There would be no bar without you.
You're a legit hero.
I don't know about that.
I just did
what anyone in my position would do.
I mean, I don't know if just anyone would
use a flamethrower to start a backfire.
That's pretty badass.
Not as badass
as standing up for yourself in court.
Hmm.
-[Brady] These help?
-Mmm.
Yeah.
It did.
I wish I could've been there for you.
But you weren't.
You told me not to come.
Because I can't trust you.
So I don't feel safe with you.
And I need that right now.
You know, after everything, I…
I need to feel safe.
I wish you could understand that.
I am doing everything I can, I swear,
to get out of this situation.
What are you doing?
Tell me.
I can't.
And therein lies the problem.
[downbeat music playing]
-[clears throat]
-Brie?
If you can't talk to me, just…
tell me you'll find someone
you can talk to.
[downbeat music continues]
[phone ringing]
What you doing?
Hope has me making a list
of everyone's needs,
so we can make sure everything donated
at the drive goes to the right people.
Sounds like she thinks of you
as more than just her aide.
Hey, so I've been meaning to ask,
are you still thinking about
going to college this fall?
No.
I haven't told my mom yet, but I know
in my gut that college isn't right for me.
Plus, I love it here.
Wait, um…
Why?
Are you going back to Stanford?
After everything that happened yesterday,
I know what's most important to me.
And that's you.
So I want to be wherever you are.
I should probably get a job, though.
I can only mountain climb
so many times a week.
Any idea what you want to do?
If I could get paid
to stare into your eyes, I would.
I've created a monster.
Yes, you have.
[tranquil music playing]
You sure you don't want me to stay?
No, I'm okay.
You need to deal with the bar.
Plus, Brie offered to bring me muffins.
I think I'm feeling ready for muffins.
Okay, well, I'm glad you're gonna have
someone to talk to while I'm gone.
Oh, and Hope called.
She said that there's gonna be
a food and clothing drive in a few days.
We don't have to go, but--
No, it's okay. I'll look around
and see if we have anything to donate.
If you need me…
I'll call you, I promise.
Okay.
-[Jack sighs]
-Hey, Jack.
Um, look, if you need anyone to talk to,
I'm fine if you want to tell Preacher.
Don't worry about me.
I mean it, not today, okay?
Not for one second.
I love you.
[mouths] I love you.
[door opens and closes]
[knock on door]
-Hey.
-You done work already?
-Yeah.
Fire in the area's mostly contained.
Things are clearing up.
What's unclear is why
you're not returning my calls.
Or talking to me right now?
Maybe 'cause you're married.
[gentle music playing]
Yeah, a guy from your brigade told me.
-The better question is, why didn't you?
-Because it's over.
Jay and I are separated.
We were gonna start mediation,
but then fire season took over--
Well, if that's the case,
why keep it a secret?
Because I didn't
want to complicate things.
Yeah, well, I think we're past that now.
Okay, I'll go.
Just keep this easy.
You know, this isn't easy, Kaia.
I've got real feelings for you.
I have them for you too.
After my marriage ended,
I was determined to not
get emotionally involved with anyone, but…
But?
But I met you.
[gentle music continues]
I, uh…
I just need some time.
Yeah.
[Brie] So how you doing?
We don't have to go there if you
don't want to, but I'm here if you do.
I'm just getting through it.
I want to hear about you.
Jack said that the trial was really rough.
It was. It was hard.
But Mike was there,
and he was really great.
Uh, wait, wait, so…
Back up. So you…
You asked Brady not to come,
but then had Mike come instead?
No. Mike was there purely by coincidence.
-But I'm really glad he was.
-Wait, what's going on with you and Brady?
We're not in a good place.
-Oh, honey, I'm sorry. I had no idea.
-You've been going through a lot.
What happened?
He just won't be honest with me.
It's like he feels like he has to
hide the truth or I won't love him.
Yeah, I just can't handle that
kind of uncertainty in my life right now.
And I'm afraid he won't change.
A very expensive therapist once told me,
the first thing you fight about will
always be the same thing you fight about.
-Oh God. I hope that's not true. [laughs]
-[laughs] Why?
What was your first fight
with Jack about?
Charmaine.
That tracks.
[laughing] Yeah, but, see, maybe that's
proof that you guys can move past this.
If you still want him in your life at all.
Yeah, I hope you're right.
I really have always admired the way
you and Jack just find your way
through whatever life throws at you.
And what you're going through now,
it's not any different.
Thank you.
[soft music playing]
Wow, what are you wearing?
It is inappropriate
to comment on a lady's appearance.
Oh, no, I'm not commenting.
-I am questioning all of it.
-[both laughing]
Well, this little fashionista find
is a combo of Connie and Lizzie's
hand-me-downs.
What is left of my very smoky wardrobe
is now at the dry cleaners.
-I'm so sorry about your house.
-Thank you.
-Yeah.
-But I'm okay. That's all that matters.
And I'm actually living
with Connie right now.
Because, sadly,
her general store burned down,
and I figured, you know,
misery loves company.
But if I'm being completely honest,
it is the company that is miserable.
-Why's that?
-There's just so many rules.
I poured my morning smoothie
in a cup designated for "water"
and all hell broke loose.
You know, I do have
a guest room that you could use.
You'd make your own rules.
Thank you.
Well, I don't want to…
You know, I don't want to impose.
Oh no, I'd love to have you.
Oh.
Hey, just so I'm prepared,
did you talk to Doc yet
after that whole falling out?
Yeah, we did.
Actually, I think we're better.
-He's given me a lot to think about.
-Good.
-Thank you.
-Yeah.
[Ava] Thanks for the extra blankets, Hope.
[Hope] You're welcome at the clinic
as long as you need.
Have you and Tara decided
what you're going to do--
With the scorched piece of earth
formerly known as our farm?
Stop.
It is, though. There's nothing left.
And, yeah, we have. Tara got offered
a great job back in San Francisco,
and she wasn't gonna take it, but…
now that the farm is gone,
she doesn't really have a reason to stay.
She's coming to pick up Chloe today.
Really?
God.
I'm gonna miss those two.
I was only supposed to be here a week.
I have to get back
to my place in Portland.
So we're planning to sell.
I was hoping
you weren't going to say that.
Isn't there another way?
Well, believe it or not,
we already got a call
from someone interested in the land.
-A company called High Front.
-The developers.
You heard of 'em.
They've been trying
to get into Virgin River for years.
Could you hold them off for a bit?
I'd like to try to find you another buyer.
Someone who would
keep the integrity of the original farm,
rebuild it like it was,
give it a second chance.
I know that's what Mom would want.
Who do you think would be interested?
I have no idea,
but I never let that stop me before.
[upbeat music playing on stereo]
There you go. Enjoy.
Hey.
Uh, so Brady's, um, settled upstairs.
Yeah… I know.
And I know what you're thinking,
but it's temporary.
You know, I feel for the guy, right?
Losing his cabin and everything,
but you really think it's a good idea
to have him move back in?
I promised Brie
that I would give him a chance.
And besides, we might not even
have a bar if it wasn't for him.
You know, maybe a leopard
can change its spots.
Well, what more are you willing to lose
to find that out?
[mournful music playing]
You okay?
Yeah, we, um…
We lost the baby.
No…
No, man…
You okay?
Honestly, I don't know.
But whatever I'm feeling,
Mel's gotta be feeling it ten times over.
I mean, her going through this
after everything she's been through.
I am so sorry, man.
Just trying to support her.
Don't make this about me.
This happened to both of you, Jack.
It's funny, you know.
I didn't even know…
I wanted this, to be a father, but you…
You picture it, you know?
Father-daughter dance.
Little League games, school plays.
You see their little eyes
looking at you and…
Oh, Preach, it's really hard to say
goodbye to someone that you never met.
She existed for you.
[crying] Yeah, she did.
I even came up with names, you know?
Ah, it's just so unfair.
I mean, with Charmaine,
when she took the twins away from me,
at least I had someone
I could be angry with, you know? I could…
I could blame someone, but this…
You two… will have a family one day.
You focus on that.
Yeah.
[mournful music continues]
[clears throat]
[phone line ringing]
Hey, you. How are you?
[Mel] You know, I've been better.
I thought holding up in the cabin
was gonna help, but, um…
Well, it's a little…
a little too quiet in here.
I knew I should have
come up there yesterday.
Nate said he could watch the kids.
I could be on the road in an hour.
No, Jo. Look, I don't know how to
say this without hurting your feelings.
I just-- I don't want you here right now.
Okay.
Um…
You get a pass.
Why not?
Because I'm afraid if I see you,
I won't be able to hold it together.
You don't have to.
Sweetie, I get it. Really, I do.
You can't hide from your pain forever.
I mean, grief comes in waves,
you know that.
I know. I do, but I…
I can't let myself go there again.
I won't do it. I know where it leads.
This time, it's gonna be different.
No one is gonna let you go
where you've been before, Mel.
You have so many people who love you.
Honey, I promise,
we will all be there to catch you.
Yeah.
[car approaching]
Get in.
[Brady chuckles]
Nice to see you too.
I am so glad your pretty face
made it out unscathed.
And why is that?
We're going into the glamping business
with Brie's brother, Jack.
You're gonna move drugs
through Jack's glamping business?
No, I'm going to move money through it.
I need you to manage the day-to-day
so Jack doesn't stick his nose
where it doesn't belong.
I don't work for Jack.
I'll take care of it.
What about the drugs?
Where are they? How are we moving them?
You do as you're told.
And then we'll talk.
Yeah.
[dark music playing]
[door opening]
Hi! Oh my gosh. Come in.
Hi.
Do you want to come and sit down?
We can't stay.
Oh. Oh, yeah, um…
Ava told me that you were leaving town.
-Yeah.
-You got a job offer?
Mmm-hmm. We're driving up tonight.
Tonight?
Yeah, they wanted me to start right away.
-Oh, okay.
-So…
Goodbye farm life, and…
hello, city living.
[Mel laughs] Yeah.
I fully support your reverse-Green Acres
thing. You know, especially now.
-[Tara] Thanks.
-Yeah.
Life takes some real unexpected turns,
doesn't it?
[voice breaking] Mel,
I don't know how to thank you.
For what you did for Chloe and Ava.
Oh, I, uh…
I was just in the right place
at the right time--
No, you ran into a burning house.
And saved them.
I'm from Virgin River. I know kindness.
And you are…
You're something special.
I'm gonna miss you.
I'm gonna miss you too.
[Chloe cooing]
And you, I fully expect
your first two words
to be Aunty Mel.
[both laughing]
Okay?
Bye, sweet girl.
Don't grow up too fast, okay?
Okay, now go before I won't let you.
[Tara] Phew! Okay.
We'll see you again.
[gentle music playing]
[phone chiming]
Mel.
It's time.
[bittersweet music playing]
Okay.
[bittersweet music continues]
[Mel] Wait.
-Um…
-[Jack] What?
We're a little early.
Can we just sit here for a minute?
Of course.
Come here.
The last time I had to have a D&C was
before…
I made it to term
with the baby that I had lost.
And…
the waiting room, it's… it's the worst.
There's, like…
ten pregnant mothers in there, just…
you know, happy, healthy.
Waiting to check on their babies.
Then there's me.
Just sitting there.
-Knowing that mine's gone.
-Hey.
You know, and nothing…
Nothing makes sense.
Except for the fact
that I let myself down again.
No, no, no, hey, hey, hey.
-[crying] I'm sorry.
-No, no, no.
I'm not gonna let you beat yourself up
for something that
you had no control over, you hear me?
You did nothing wrong.
All right? Not a damn thing.
[Brady on recording] You're gonna move
drugs through Jack's glamping business?
[Melissa] No,
I'm going to move money through it.
She's using Jack as a pawn.
Yeah.
[Mike sighs] These make sense now.
Why didn't you show me these earlier?
I was hoping they were just
having dinner, nothing more.
Jack has no idea what she's capable of.
We need to tell him.
We can't.
We got one shot at taking her down.
-We can't do anything to risk that.
-He could go down with her.
-I'm not gonna let that happen.
-Or he could get hurt, so could Mel.
You need to arrest her now.
Look, we have everything we need.
No, what we got is…
is vague and circumstantial.
-We need more.
-What if I testify?
You're a convicted criminal.
Testifying would be part of your deal.
They'd know that.
No, we need proof, undeniable proof
that the money that she's moving
through the glamping site is drug money.
I think we should have you wear a wire.
Yeah, okay.
Whatever it takes,
but I need this to end now.
If something happens to Jack,
it'll destroy Brie,
and I can't let that happen.
-Okay, Mike? I won't.
-I won't either.
[ladies laughing]
I love the raffle idea, Lizzie.
Now we need to find some folks
to donate prizes.
[Connie] I can ask Bert
if he'll do a free tune-up.
Preacher might do cooking classes.
And Charlie might do flying lessons.
Oh, you're gonna
have to convince him, Hope.
Connie, stop.
Now, I just need to find someone
to buy Lilly's farmland.
Someone who cares about
keeping the integrity
of the Virgin River community intact.
It's a nice idea, Hope,
but with the damage to the B&B
and Nick investing
in Jack's glamping business,
-we're tapped out.
-[Hope] Mmm-hmm.
[Lizzie] I hope you're not looking at me.
My mom gets mad
when I buy a pair of shoes.
Can you imagine if I bought a farm?
Plus, once I tell her
I'm not going to college,
she's cutting me off anyway.
I didn't know you'd made that decision.
I have, but I haven't felt
strong enough to call my mom.
After all that you went through
in the fire?
Sweetheart, I can tell you,
you are incredibly strong.
Coming from you, that means a lot.
Maybe your strength rubbed off on me.
All your strength.
Putting this together for people
who've lost so much
when you've lost so much too.
You guys really inspire me.
You inspire us.
Call your mom.
We'll help you figure out the rest.
If anyone can stitch this town
back together, it's us.
Isn't it, girls?
-[Hope] Mmm-hmm. Yup.
-[ladies laughing]
[knock on door]
-Hey! What are you doing here?
-[Mike] Hey.
I was just…
I was thinking about you, and…
I wondering if we could talk.
Is now a good time?
Yeah, of course. Come on in.
So, the jury returned a verdict today.
Guilty, on all counts.
That's… great.
Yeah. It's great.
-How are you feeling about it?
-Not as good as I hoped.
I mean, I knew a guilty verdict
wouldn't, you know, erase the trauma, but…
[bottles opening]
I thought it might
put me at ease a little.
Well, I'm no expert, but I think
what you're feeling is completely normal.
I know.
I just…
I know how rare it is for the prosecution
to be successful in these kinds of cases.
And I'm grateful to them.
And I'm so relieved Don cannot do this
to another woman anytime soon.
I don't know, I just keep…
waiting to feel like
this is all finally behind me.
Maybe it'll, you know,
just take more time.
But, hey, whatever you need along the way,
I just want you to know
that I'm here for you.
Thanks.
[both laughing]
[Brie] So…
What did you want to talk to me about?
Um, okay.
I just wanted to say that I'm sorry
if I did anything
to cross a line in Sacramento.
No, you didn't.
Hey, you're…
You're going through a lot with trial,
Brady, and I'm not trying
to get in the way of any of that.
Brie, I…
I care about you,
and I only want what's best for you.
I know. I want that too.
That's why I think what almost happened…
almost happened.
-But it didn't. And…
-Mmm-hmm.
[Brie clears throat]
I'm glad that we're friends.
Actually, I'm more than glad.
I'm thrilled.
I am too.
-Great.
You okay?
You still cramping?
Yeah, a little bit,
but it's getting better.
You wanna know something?
[Mel] Mmm.
I'm astounded by your bravery.
Thanks.
I'm not any braver than anyone else
in this town, though.
People have lost so much.
Maybe it would be
good for us to tell people.
You know, more people
to lean on that understand…
what we're going through.
If you're sure.
Why don't we get Hope
to use the phone tree?
Spread the word.
We don't have to keep retelling the story.
Yeah, that's a good idea.
-[gentle song playing]
-♪ You've got to be strong ♪
♪ Even though you feel weak ♪
♪ And when you get lost ♪
♪ Don't forget where you began… ♪
-[song continues]
-[indistinct chatter]
-[Denny] Hey.
-Hey!
-[Denny] Can I buy some raffle tickets?
-Of course you can.
How goes the job search?
Well, I filled out an application
at Bert's auto shop,
and the pedal boat rentals,
and this dietary supplement company,
something called referral marketing.
Yeah, don't do that one.
[Lizzie] And I have some news.
I called my mom and told her my decision.
-That's amazing. How do you feel?
-Strong.
And broke.
You know, Lizzie, you've really proven
you're more than just my aide.
Right, I'm also your chauffeur
and your chef.
Community work definitely suits you.
So, why don't we make it official?
Would you like to be the Chief of Staff
to the Mayor of Virgin River?
Pays more than you're making now,
and there's a real future in it
if you want.
Wow, that's…
Yes, thank you.
Don't thank me! We got a lot of
work to do before the Labor Day Carnival.
-The town's still doing that?
-Not without your help we're not.
[Connie] I know! I was cranky.
I just didn't expect you to take so long
blow-drying your hair this morning.
Well, it was only 20 minutes, Connie.
-[woman] Here you go.
-Thank you.
If you had told me that your blow-dryer
neither blows nor dries, then maybe--
I just think
we need to find a better schedule.
-Or how about I buy you a new blow-dryer?
-Oh!
Yeah! As a little, you know,
"thank you" for your generous hospitality.
[titters and laughs] Great!
Oh! Oh, and when you're out shopping,
maybe see if you can find a new perfume.
I think I'm allergic
to your present fragrance.
If that offer to stay at your place
still stands, do you--
-You can move in tonight.
-Thank you.
[Hope] Hi, Kaia.
-Here you go.
-[woman] Thanks so much.
[Doc] Yeah.
Hey, Doc. Do you have a sec?
Yeah. Yeah.
So, did you make up your mind?
Yes, but…
first, I wanted to explain
why I needed to think about it.
When I left my fiancée,
I wanted to get
as far away from San Diego as I could.
You know, hide out
in a different life entirely.
I didn't plan on being here long-term.
I thought I'd miss the city
and pace of a hospital, the innovation--
With all due respect,
I don't need to hear your life story
if you're gonna turn me down.
I'm not.
Because, as it turns out,
I don't miss any of it.
I may not be great at it yet…
but being a small-town doctor,
and working closely with you
and our patients
has been way more fulfilling
than I could ever have imagined.
So, yes, I would love to be considered.
Thank you, Dr. Hayek.
And in the meantime,
I am here to support you,
whatever you need.
Well…
let's give it a try.
[Hope laughs nervously] Okay!
Hi, everybody!
I'm just gonna say a couple words.
Thank you all so much for being here.
We have suffered tremendous loss.
But when I look at all of your faces,
loss is not what I see.
I see people who've opened their homes
to neighbors in need.
I see boxes brimming
with clothing and food,
and it warms my heart.
As do the faces
of the brave members of Cal Fire here…
[all clapping and cheering]
…who risked their lives and limbs
to save our little corner of the world.
Still, I know some of you
are considering leaving Virgin River,
and I understand,
the task of rebuilding is daunting.
But if we work together, we will rise
from the ashes stronger for it,
like many of us have done before.
That's the power…
of Virgin River.
[crying] To begin again.
Not in spite of what we lost,
but because of it.
So, today, after we mourn our losses,
let's focus on what we have.
Each other.
Hey! Preacher told me.
I'm so sorry, man.
Yeah, thanks.
[clears throat] Listen, there's actually
something I wanted to talk to you about.
We're about to break ground
on construction of the glamping site,
and I heard about Emerald Lumber.
So I was thinking maybe you and your guys,
if you're looking for work,
you could head up a team.
You could run the project
and we could get you started ASAP.
Yeah, absolutely. Thanks.
-All right.
-Okay.
-We'll see how it goes.
-Yeah.
[Preacher] Hey.
So… how is your ex?
Making peace with our divorce.
-I started the process.
-You did?
I owed it to myself.
Look, I understand
that my situation with Jay is complicated,
as is my job.
But…
is there any way
you can just forgive me,
so we can give this a real shot?
Well, you know, um…
complicated is my specialty.
And I would like to apologize
for the way I reacted.
We're just getting to know each other,
and I can't expect you to offer up
all your secrets all at once.
Well…
I mean, you know one of mine.
It's only fair that I know one of yours.
Oh, you better make it a good one.
Well…
Yes?
I…
am crazy about you.
[inhales sharply] Ooh! That is…
That is pretty darn good.
But not really a secret.
[gentle music playing]
Um…
I'm gonna get us some coffee.
[Jay laughing]
Oh, man.
You must be Preacher.
You must be Jay.
Nice to put a shockingly handsome face
to the guy who's dating my wife.
Uh, listen.
You know, I'm sorry, man. I get it.
Uh…
Seeing her with anyone else,
it must be difficult for you.
It is.
But I know her.
I know she'll always
choose her job over you,
and I'll always be part of her job.
That must be difficult for you.
[pensive music playing]
-Hey! Hey, honey.
-[Ava] Hey.
Hey, it's okay. I'm okay.
I'm just a sucker for a good speech.
Yeah? Was it good enough
to get you to stay?
Finding the right person
to buy the farm is important.
I guess I can stick around until I do.
Good.
I mean, I never asked you what you have
to get back to Portland for anyway.
Just a failing music career
and an ex-girlfriend who stole my cat.
Oh, nice! So there's really no rush.
-Yeah, not really.
-Okay.
I'm just gonna grab some food,
but I'll see you soon? We'll talk more?
Yeah, okay.
-Hey, there.
-Hey.
Hey.
How are you?
I'm… good.
Yeah.
I'm glad we came.
Good.
Yeah, me too.
You know, sometimes I forget
how special this town is.
[Jack] Hmm.
Everybody's so supportive.
Yeah. It certainly makes the thought
of trying again a little less scary.
Yeah.
-[indistinct chatter]
-[gentle music playing]
-[Brie] Oh, hey.
-Hey.
-[Brie] How's it going?
-All right.
So, I was thinking.
-You know, since we're friends now.
-Mmm-hmm.
How do you feel about
doing something friendly this week?
[Mike] Depends.
-What you got in mind?
-Oh, depends, maybe?
I don't know, I was thinking
maybe a baseball game.
-Order some wings.
-Uh-huh. You're speaking my language.
-Important question.
-Yeah.
-Ranch or blue cheese?
-Hey, Mike.
-Brie.
-[Brie] Hey.
I see you found someone to talk to.
-Are you being serious right now?
-Yeah, I am.
I mean, it makes sense, right?
Mike's a good cop, dependable.
-Honest.
-Brady.
It's all good.
Brie and I are just friends.
-Okay?
-You must think I'm an idiot.
Brady, this is not the time
or the place, okay?
Mike and I are friends. You know this.
He was there for me during
a difficult moment, which I appreciated--
Hold up.
-What do you mean he was there for you?
-Okay. Hey. Hey.
I happened to be in Sacramento.
-He was at the trial?
-It's not like that.
-Brady, cut it out! Brady! Stop!
-[Mike] Hey! Calm…
-Brie, listen, I--
-No, stop!
-No, I wasn't--
-Brady!
It's over.
-What?
-Officially, okay? We are done.
-Brie, come on--
-No!
-I wasn't trying--
-Brady, I mean it.
Now, just walk away, please.
[tense music playing]
[gentle music playing]